Add note about managed OAuth credentials for Google services (#2087)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: _snippets/integrations/managed-google-oauth.md

/// note | Note for n8n Cloud users

> For the following nodes, you can authenticate just by connecting your Google account to n8n. You can do so by clicking on **Sign in with Google** in the OAuth section. Skip the instructions explained in this document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the following nodes, you can authenticate by selecting **Sign in with Google** in the OAuth section. Skip the instructions explained in this document.
```
